[gentle music playing]
-[Harry] Confidence, charisma, sex appeal.
-[students chuckling]
[Harry] These are all the qualities
that I offer
if you vote for me to be your head boy.
-Now, what can I do as your head boy?
-[Nick] Charlie?
[Harry] Last year's head boy promised…
-[whispering] You feeling okay?
-No, but it's too late to back out now.
The speech is great.
The rugby lads said they'll vote for you
even if you're shit.
I just think everyone's gonna laugh at me.
You're smart. You are tough.
You've been through way worse
than a speech. Okay?
[students clapping, cheering]
[Mr. Lange] Up next,
Charlie Spring.
[students clapping]
Go on.
Uh, hi, everyone.
My name's Charlie.
A lot of you probably already know
who I am because
I'm one of the only openly gay people
in this school.
[students chuckling]
I used to be scared
of anyone finding out I was gay because
I thought the other boys
would bully me for it.
And they did.
They called me slurs, shoved me around,
made me scared to come to school.
Most of all, they made me feel
like I was the problem.
But I wasn't.
-He's got this.
-I know.
The problem was the culture of bullying
that existed in this school.
Guys often struggle with mental health
'cause we keep our feelings to ourselves.
We have to brush everything off as banter
and pretend we feel okay when we don't.
Pretend that being made fun of
or laughed at
or kicked or punched or whatever
isn't scary or upsetting or…
pretend it isn't fucking shit.
[students chuckling]
-[students murmuring]
-[giggling]
I want to be head boy
to end the culture of bullying at Truham.
I wanna destroy the homophobia
that made my life hell.
I want to make it easier and safer
to exist in this school
no matter who you are.
So if you want that too,
I hope you'll vote for me.
-[Tao] Charlie!
-[cheering, whooping]
[Isaac] Yeah, boy!
-Charlie!
-[Nick chuckles]
[upbeat music playing]
-[Elle] Vote for Charlie.
-[Imogen] Speak up, use your voice.
Vote for Charlie Spring to end bullying.
Vote for Charlie Spring.
Vote for head boy.
[Darcy] I will, I will.
-Here you go.
-[Darcy] Can you bring it up that way?
[indistinct chattering]
♪ …the neighbors on your street ♪
♪ You're far more cooler
The flavor of the week ♪
♪ 'Cause I need your love ♪
♪ Save my body, step on me ♪
[music fades]
[Mr. Farouk] Okay, the moment
you've all been waiting for.
This year's head boy
with 61% of the vote,
Charlie Spring.
[students cheering]
Yes!
[whooping]
Well done, Charlie.
[cheering, applause continues]
♪ I live in my mind ♪
♪ And you can't make this right ♪
♪ It's labyrinthine ♪
♪ Again, I've got to try… ♪
Everyone, it's the new head boy
of Truham Grammar!
-Okay.
-Hey. Hi.
-Hi.
-Hi, Charlie!
-Hey.
-How does he just keep getting hotter?
-[Elle scoffs] You are such a simp.
-Well, I'm just proud of him.
-[boy] Sorry, mate.
I should definitely ask for a recount.
It's not like he said anything important.
He didn't even talk about the canteen.
-[Christian] Behave.
-Whatever.
I mean, I think I…
I probably am a, you know…
-But, like, what if I'm bi?
-[chuckling] It's okay.
[Darcy] Found some.
Sahar said she's not coming.
She's staying home to work on a new song.
You know she's taking next year off
to focus on her music. On her gap year.
Mm. Maybe I should take a gap year too.
Yeah? What about uni?
What about uni?
♪ I really miss you
You were my best friend… ♪
Hey.
Come dance.
[Tao] Mm-hmm.
♪ All the meaning in emotion
I'm emotionless ♪
♪ And you're… ♪
Mm. You good?
It's gonna be so weird next year
without you.
Yeah, I… I know.
[girl] How do you all know each other?
Yeah, we were a group of,
like, three different friendship groups,
and then, yeah, we came to Paris
and we all became best friends.
It was beautiful. Shall we come in here?
[gasps] Oh my gosh, it looks incredible.
I want my future house
to be decorated like this.
Don't you get picked on for that?
Uh, yeah, sometimes.
Doesn't seem to bother me though.
I like that you don't care
about people thinking you're weird.
♪ "Always keep raw thoughts close" ♪
♪ "When you get fucked up
And you're going back home" ♪
♪ Fuck it, girl, I really miss you
You were my best friend ♪
♪ In the hours when it falls
I try to comprehend ♪
♪ All the meaning in emotion
I'm emotionless ♪
♪ And you're sitting by the ocean
Thinking about sex ♪
♪ Thinking about… ♪
-[both laughing]
-Oh, that's great.
[Nick laughing]
[Charlie] You're so slow!
[Nick] Oh, am I now?
Run!
-[Charlie] Whoo!
-[Nick] Whoo-hoo!
[Charlie] Run! Run!
[Nick] I am!
[Charlie laughs]
[both laughing]
[Nick laughing]
[Nick] Ooh!
♪ And you're thinking about sex ♪
♪ I'm thinking about you ♪
-[Nick breathing heavily]
-♪ And you're thinking about sex ♪
♪ I'm thinking about you ♪
♪ And you're thinking about sex ♪
[music fades]
[gentle music playing]
[Charlie] Whoa!
-What you doing?
-[barking]
-[Charlie] You're so cute.
They were scratching at the door.
There you go.
Come here.
Then you'll get a job
as a rugby coach for two-year-olds,
and I'll be a famous historian,
and we'll have a flat with a river view.
You better sell a lot of books
'cause I don't think I'm earning much
as a coach for toddlers.
Then we'll go to the gay club,
then we'll come home,
have sex, and then in the morning,
you can make us pancakes.
-Oh, I like this plan.
-[chuckles]
I think I'm probably gonna put Leeds
as my top choice for uni.
The city's great.
You know, we saw the rugby team.
I don't know,
I can actually see myself there.
Were you scared to tell me that?
Well, yeah. It's… it's, like, far away.
Five-hour drive or something.
Yeah, I'll just learn to drive
or get the train.
[gentle music playing]
[chuckles]
We look like babies.
We were.
[chuckles fondly]
You know I don't actually like rugby,
don't you?
Well, it's not one of your passions
or anything, but…
Nick, I joined the rugby team
'cause I had an insane crush on you.
[Nick chuckles]
Are you gonna miss me?
A little bit.
Mm. Sure I can't
change your mind, Charlie?
Ah, no, sorry.
[chuckling, chattering in distance]
[inhales deeply]
-[boy 1] Last year.
-[boy 2] Yeah. Last year?
He's really strong.
I'll go three today. You go two.
-[indistinct chattering]
-[Nick sighs]
-[boy 3] He's good, then?
-[boy 4] Yeah, very good.
[boy 5] Don't worry about technique.
Just pass the ball.
-[chuckling]
-[boy 6] He's definitely a swot.
[boys laughing]
♪ I cut my hair
The way you say you like it ♪
♪ Have I got no free will? ♪
♪ I took the long way home ♪
-♪ To make a point about it ♪
-[sighs]
♪ Now I'm late, but what a thrill ♪
♪ Been trying to be everything ♪
♪ But I can't be your rock
And your lover, your mom ♪
♪ And I've tried ♪
♪ Now I'm not anything ♪
♪ Just a painting that's meant
To blend in with the wall ♪
♪ I'm tired
If I'm your everything, who am I? ♪
♪ See, when you get sad
I find it all consuming… ♪
Latte for Patrick?
Thanks.
[cell phone dings]
[door closes]
[keyboard tapping]
-[Charlie] Rawr.
-[chuckling]
-Oh, David's here, by the way.
-[Charlie scoffs]
Why is David here?
He broke up with Jess, so he's moved back.
Good for Jess,
but I hate that he's here again.
Yeah, it's fine.
It makes you so anxious though.
I wish he'd just piss off
out of your life.
I don't know, it's…
it's complicated.
I'm not here for sex, you know.
I could help you with your essay.
Or we could go for a drive,
sit by the river.
-Or we could just talk.
-[Nick] No.
No, I just wanna…
[sighs]
Maybe it's not a good idea
if David's in the house.
[chuckles softly] We can be quiet.
[gentle music playing]
Oh, I'm so glad you came over.
-[breathes heavily] What do you wanna…
-[kissing]
-[Charlie] I can…
-Let me.
[Charlie gasps]
[zipper opening]
[Charlie gasping]
[breathing heavily]
Wait. Uh, did you lock the door?
[Nick] Shit.
[lock turning]
[Nick sighs]
-[exhales sharply]
-[both chuckle]
[gentle music playing]
[Nick breathes heavily]
[Charlie moans]
-[moans]
-[Nick chuckling] Shh.
[giggling] Sorry. Sorry.
[softly] It's okay.
One day, we'll have our own place.
[Nick sighs]
Look at me.
[Nick exhales sharply, sighs]
[David] Did you get it?
[David chuckling in distance]
No.
Yeah, I'm fine. I'm in the up…
Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah.
I… I'm… honestly,
I have no problem with that. I'll drive.
-I'm not letting you drive, am I? [laughs]
-[Nick sighs]
I was awarded best team player
at rugby camp when I was 12
and given the sportsmanship trophy at 14.
Not only am I
the captain of the rugby team,
but I am also incredibly handsome
and have a very nice--
Oi… [chuckles]
Okay, but you have to let me talk
about how lovely and kind
and brave and smart you are.
Maybe you should get a part-time job
or a volunteering job or something.
Yeah. Yeah, maybe.
Rugby's good, but
you should have something
outside of school just for you.
Maybe then you'll start to realize
how great you are.
[school bell rings]
Hey. You okay?
Did you wanna talk to me about something?
[intriguing music playing]
[Charlie] Growing up queer can be
so isolating and scary.
Especially in a single-sex school.
You're an easy target for bullies.
You might struggle to make friends.
Queer kids need a space they feel
supported by older students and teachers.
The thing is, Charlie,
it sets a precedent.
We don't have any other clubs
for… social groups.
Well, maybe this could be the first.
I don't think I can commit to this
right now, Charlie.
Let's wait a few months,
and we'll revisit.
♪ Yeah ♪
♪ Hey ♪
♪ Yeah… ♪
He's got a mustache. [chuckles]
[Michael] I'm training
with a new coach up north.
Also teaching kids how to skate,
which is endlessly entertaining.
He won't say it, but he's training
to qualify for the Winter Olympics.
Wait, are you serious?
There's more to it,
but, yeah, that's the general idea.
-So you're just back for the weekend?
-[Michael] Yeah.
I mean, three months
without seeing Tori, so…
-Yeah, sounds rough.
-[Michael] I mean, we're okay though.
I mean, there's…
there's her life and my life,
and when we're together, it's…
it's like… [whooshing, mimics explosion]
But when we're apart, it's like…
Whoo… [mimics explosion]
Also, phones exist, so…
[Charlie chuckles softly]
[Nick] I think you need to finish this
'cause I'm struggling.
Wait, if you hold the end, I can…
[pensive music playing]
[Nick breathing quickly]
Hey.
Hey, what's up? What's going on?
[Nick breathes shakily]
I had a dream you died.
[Charlie] What?
[Nick gasps]
Sorry, I…
It's so stupid. I just…
It felt really real. [sniffles]
Sorry.
-It's okay.
-[breathing heavily]
It's not real. I'm right here.
-[Charlie] Can you…
-[Nick] Got it.
[Charlie] Thank you.
[Tao] I'll take that.
-[Darcy] I'll get that.
-[Charlie] Great.
[indistinct chattering]
All right. Santa Claus is coming to town.
-[Elle] Yes, please.
-[Isaac] You look a bit like him.
Everyone say cheers and thank you to Nick
for being able to legally buy alcohol.
I know that's the only reason
you keep me around.
[Imogen] Oh, don't say that.
Charlie looks fit.
It's the self-confidence.
It's transformative.
I think when you know yourself,
it's really powerful.
-Speaking of, I wanted to--
-Okay, everybody, we are Queer Intentions.
-[cheering]
-Whoo! Whoo-whoo!
We're here to play you some music tonight,
so who's ready to rock?
I'm ready! I'm ready!
[band playing
"I Only Want to Be With You"]
-Who's dancing?
-[Nick] I like this one.
-[Tara] Let's dance.
-What, already?
-Yes. Come on, Nicholas!
-I've just got… Wait.
[Tara whooping]
♪ I only know I never wanna let you go ♪
♪ 'Cause you started something
Oh, can't you see ♪
♪ That ever since we met
You've had a hold on me? ♪
♪ It happens to be true ♪
♪ I only wanna be with you ♪
♪ You stopped to smile at me… ♪
Yeah, Charlie!
[Sahar] ♪ Asked me if I'd care to dance ♪
♪ I fell into your open arms ♪
♪ I didn't stand a chance ♪
♪ Now listen, honey
I just wanna be beside you everywhere… ♪
-Go on, Charlie!
-[Christian] Nick! Hey, Nick. Tequila!
-[Nick] Ah…
-Sort him out. Sort him out.
-Here, bro.
-Okay.
-You ready?
-Yep.
-Right. Everyone.
-Right.
-Cheers.
-[others] Cheers.
-[boy coughs]
-Oh my…
♪ I only wanna be with you ♪
-I'm okay.
-Let's go again.
-No, I'm okay.
-Come on!
Please. Come on. One more.
-[Sai] Come on.
-All right, okay.
-You ready?
-Yeah.
Right.
-And cheers, boys.
-Cheers.
♪ Now listen, honey
I just want to be beside you everywhere ♪
♪ As long as we're together
Honey, I don't care ♪
♪ 'Cause you've started something
Oh, can't you see ♪
♪ That ever since we met
You've got a hold on me? ♪
♪ No matter what you do ♪
-♪ I only wanna be with you ♪
-[Christian] Yeah!
[Sahar] ♪ No matter what you do ♪
♪ I only, only, only, only ♪
♪ I only wanna be with you ♪
[cheering]
One more song! One more song!
Um, so we have got another song for you.
It's a Christmas song
'cause the manager says we have to.
But you might recognize this one.
-[a cappella] ♪ Deck the halls with… ♪
-Oh, I love this one.
♪ 'Tis the season to be jolly…♪
[girl] Have we met?
Yeah, I think, uh, I think we maybe went
to drama school together. Yeah.
-Nice to meet you.
-♪ Don we now our gay apparel… ♪
The band is so good.
Yeah. Yeah.
That's… that's actually my boyfriend.
Oh, hi.
-[band plays rock version]
-♪ See the blazing yule before us ♪
♪ Strike the harp and join the chorus ♪
♪ Fast away the old year passes ♪
[all] ♪ Fa la la la, la la la ♪
[Sahar] ♪ Hail the new year
Lads and lasses ♪
[all] ♪ Fa la la la, la la la ♪
♪ Sing we joyous all together ♪
[Sahar] ♪ Heedless of the wind
And weather ♪
[all] ♪ Fa la la la, la la la… ♪
-I love you! Oh!
-♪ See the blazing yule before us ♪
-♪ Strike the harp and join the chorus ♪
-[Nick giggling]
[all] ♪ Fa la la la la, la la la la ♪
-[Sahar] ♪ Follow me in merry measure ♪
-[all] ♪ Fa la la la la la, la la la ♪
[Sahar] ♪ While I tell ♪
- ♪ Of Yuletide treasure ♪
-Whoo!
[urinating]
[sighs]
[toilet flushing]
[zipper closing]
[sniffs]
[faucet running]
[indistinct chattering]
[Elle] It's like you don't even care
about my dreams.
[Tao] I respect your dreams,
but not coming to visit me at all?
I mean, Berlin's not even that far.
It's two hours by plane.
I don't know what you want me to say, Tao.
I'm sorry I'm not rich and have money
to get on a flight every two min--
Hey, hey, hey, hey. You need to talk
to each other. Like, communicate.
It's… it's just about communicating
and, and, and saying what's in there.
That's… that's all that matters,
and then you'll be able to connect--
Yeah, okay, Nick.
No, if you love each other, it's easy.
You know, me and Charlie,
we love each other--
Yeah, we get it.
You and Charlie are perfect, all right?
It's… it's just not the time
right now, Nick.
All right.
You guys were so good.
Um, I've always wanted to learn
how to play the drums.
-Oh, well, you… you still could.
-Yeah…
It just… it seems so hard,
though, you know?
Any drumming advice?
[Charlie chuckles]
Just… just practice.
[last orders bell rings in distance]
Hey, you all right?
Charlie was just giving me
some drumming tips.
Really? 'Cause it looks like
you were just flirting with my boyfriend.
Well, we were just having
a conversation, so…
Okay, well, conversation's over.
Nick!
-Nick, are you okay?
-He was flirting with you, so…
Yeah, I know he was. I can handle myself.
I didn't march over when that girl
was flirting with you earlier, did I?
No, but that's different, isn't it?
-Tao, can we just talk, please?
-[Tao] No, I don't want to.
-[Elle] We can figure this out.
-[Tao] Nothing to say.
-I'm gonna get another drink.
-[Charlie] No. You've had enough.
Nick. [sighs]
Hey, I'm going home. Is he okay?
-Yeah, he's all right, I think.
-Hey, I'm glad.
-[Nick] Another pint of lager, please.
-Sorry, mate, the bar's closed.
Shit.
-I think everyone hates me.
-[sighs] Let's get you home.
-Are you angry at me?
-No, I'm not. Come on.
-Sure?
-I'm not angry. I…
Let's just get an Uber or something.
What the fuck is wrong with him?
I need to get him home.
Throw up in the car and I'll kill you.
[car keys jangling]
Come on.
[Nick breathes heavily, groans softly]
[door opens, closes]
Nick, open the door. [knocking]
[Nick retching]
-[Nick retching]
-[David scoffs softly]
-[Nick groans] I'm fine.
-No, you're not. Let me in.
Charlie, it's not nice, okay?
You don't wanna be in here.
Yes, I do.
I don't care. Let me help you.
[yells] I don't need your help!
[breathes heavily]
Nick, let me in.
[Nick sighs]
[groans, grunts]
[toilet flushing]
[Nick] Sorry.
[Charlie] What happened?
[pensive music playing]
[sighs] I don't know. I just…
I got really drunk.
[breathes shakily] The lads
kept giving me loads of shots,
and… and I saw that guy flirting with you,
and I just…
I went crazy. [sighs]
[Charlie] But why?
You know nothing would ever happen.
[Nick inhales, exhales deeply]
[Charlie] Let's talk about it tomorrow.
[exhales slowly] I love knowing
that we have tomorrow.
[Charlie sighs]
[music fades]
[sizzling in distance]
[cookware clattering]
I thought you'd wanna sleep in.
You were so pissed last night.
[Nick] Yeah. [sighs]
I threw up again, like, half an hour ago.
-Not a great sign for the match today.
-Hmm.
[Nick] The pancakes are a "sorry"
for last night.
You didn't have to do that.
Well, I am, 'cause I was a mess.
I've never seen you like that.
It was funny at first, but then it wasn't.
I'm worried about you.
[Nick sighs]
I'm all good.
Right, I think these are nearly done.
I don't think I can do pancakes today.
-Are you not feeling good, or…
-I don't know.
Is that why you keep forgetting
your lunch at school?
No, I…
I don't know. I'm…
I'm gonna go shower.
-Charlie, you can talk to me, you know.
-Why can't you talk to me?
About what?
Whatever it is that's making you feel
so anxious. I wanna support you.
Okay, you don't need to use
your therapy speak on me. It's fine.
-I'm going home.
-No, wait, I--
When you actually wanna talk to me,
I'll be there. Okay?
Can you just please eat something
when you get home?
[Charlie scoffs]
[melancholy music playing]
[smoke alarm beeping]
[Nick] Oh shit.
[door closes]
[pan hissing]
-Thought you were at Nick's?
-Yeah, I was.
[Tori] Toast?
[boy 1] Come on!
[girl 1] Go, go!
[indistinct shouting, chattering]
[boy 2] Go on, Nick! Go on, Nick!
-[spectators cheering]
-[whistle blows]
-[boy 1] Yeah.
-[Nick breathes heavily]
-[Singh] Well done, Nick!
-[boy 3] Nice one.
[Nick exhales, sniffs, sighs]
[Geoff] I know you know it's normal
to have bad days and bad weeks,
but excess stress
can certainly trigger them.
Have you been dealing
with any additional stress lately?
-[rugby players chattering]
-[whistle blows]
[boy 3] On the wing!
-[Nick grunts]
-[boy 4] Foul!
[boy 5] Dickhead!
I thought after all this,
I'd at least know how to help people.
[uneasy music playing]
What's the point of it otherwise?
Are you referring to your head boy duties
or something else?
[Charlie sighs]
[Nick breathing heavily]
[boy 6] Come on.
I'm so worried about Nick.
[uneasy music building]
[rugby players shouting indistinctly]
-[Nick grunting]
-[boy 6 grunts]
-[boy 7] He started it!
-[Nick grunts]
-[boy 6 grunts]
-[Nick groans]
[boys shouting]
-[boy 8] Are you all right?
-[boy 9] Someone get a teacher, man.
-Look at me.
-[heartbeat pounding]
[boy 9] You okay?
[woman over PA] Dr. Walters,
please come to ward 24. Thank you.
That's Dr. Walters to ward 24.
[door opens]
Oh!
Silly boy.
-Hey, Mum.
-Hi, Sarah.
Silly, silly boy.
Yeah, I probably shouldn't have…
No, probably not.
[pensive music playing]
[Nick sighs]
[Sarah sighs]
Here.
You look like a wounded soldier.
Nice of Charlie to wait at the hospital.
Yeah.
Oh dear. What's happened?
Uh, we had an argument.
Which was my fault.
You haven't really been yourself lately.
I don't know. I…
I thought I was a good boyfriend.
Turns out I can't even do that.
-[Sarah] Hey. Hey, come on.
-[faucet running]
[door unlocking]
-[Charlie] Hi.
-Hi.
[Henry whining]
-[Nick] Say hi.
[Charlie] Hiya.
Hello, Nellie.
Does it hurt?
Yeah, it hurts a bit.
It's not too bad.
Doing anything today?
Not really. Um…
Do you wanna come in?
Do you wanna come round mine?
My family are out,
and I've got a surprise for you.
-[Nick chuckles softly]
-[Nellie whines, pants]
[Charlie chuckles]
♪ I spent a while ♪
♪ Looking up at the moon ♪
♪ I'll try to light ♪
♪ All the candles above me ♪
-♪ Don't wanna hide anymore ♪
-[Charlie chuckles]
♪ From the light of the truth… ♪
-[Nellie barks]
-[Nick] Oh!
-Ha-ha!
-♪ And it's not your fault ♪
♪ She looks like I do… ♪
[Nick gasps]
-Oi.
-[Charlie laughing]
-[Nick] Wait. Okay. Okay!
-No! No, no, no. Don't!
-[Charlie] Oh!
-[chuckles]
-[Charlie] I'm gonna get you…
-No, no, no! Ah!
-I'll get you back.
-No, no, no! Oh-oh!
[Nick] Oh, yes!
-No! Ah!
-[Nick] Okay.
[Charlie] Hey, Nick. Nick, no!
[both grunting playfully]
[both giggling]
-[chuckling] No. Wait, wait. Stop, stop.
-[Charlie giggling]
-Ow!
-[Nick] Stop!
[both laughing]
[Nick] Oh.
Oh wow.
Oh. Whoo. Ah.
The idea was a get-well-soon gift,
but we could sit in there all day
while you're feeling rough.
I got carried away with the construction.
-[Nick] This is adorable.
-[both chuckle]
Go on, then.
[door closes]
[gentle music playing]
-Come on.
-[Charlie] I'm coming, I'm coming.
[Nick chuckles]
I got you something.
Early Christmas present.
What?
It's your last year of school.
I thought you could record some memories,
and then you can take them to Leeds
and put them on your wall or something.
Let's give it a go.
-[Charlie chuckles]
-Actually, wait, one more.
Down here. Okay. Okay.
-Ready?
-Yeah.
Smile.
-[chuckles]
-[chuckles softly]
Thank you.
-Probably could've waited until Christmas.
-Mm, I thought you needed cheering up.
[Nick, softly] Mm. [sighs]
Do you remember the first time we had sex?
I remember that
in extremely graphic detail.
[chuckles] Do you remember
what you said to me
just before?
You said that
I'm the only one you can talk to.
That you felt lost.
You know a couple of weeks back
when I had that dream about you dying?
Yeah.
It wasn't just you dying.
It was how you died.
It was my fault.
-Did you murder me in cold blood?
-No, I…
[uneasy music playing]
I missed the signs.
It all happened again,
the stuff from last year, but…
you didn't get help,
and you didn't get better, and…
and when you were gone…
everything went blurry.
You know, it was…
it was just me on my own in a house,
and… there was nothing.
I was nothing.
It wasn't your fault
when I relapsed in January.
-[Nick] It was.
-No, it wasn't.
If I can't protect you, who even am I?
If you don't need me anymore…
I do need you.
I need you because you're you.
And I love you.
-See, now I feel like a dick.
-[Charlie] Why?
'Cause you shared a feeling?
[Nick chuckles]
Do you need me?
Yeah.
Yeah. So much.
[romantic music playing]
Can we have sex?
[Charlie chuckles softly]
[Nick breathing heavily]
[Nick gasping]
And I know this is the third time
we've "broken up,"
but I'm only using quotation marks
because is it really a break-up
if we haven't literally said,
"Let's break up"?
We're just temporarily not speaking.
And we both know we'll get over it
in a couple of weeks, so I'm not worried.
[sighs heavily] I'm not worried!
-I believe you.
-You're looking at each other.
-I can sense--
-No, you don't sound worried at all.
[boys jeering]
[Charlie] Oi!
What do you think you're doing?
-[boy 1] We were just mucking around.
-Yeah, it's just banter.
It didn't look like banter.
It looked like bullying.
Leave.
If I see you picking on anyone else again,
I'll get you suspended.
-You can't suspend us.
-[Charlie] Try me.
[boy 2 scoffs]
You okay?
Yeah. Yeah, I'm fine.
Those boys aren't gonna
pick on you again, okay?
[sighs] They might.
-[Charlie] What's your name?
-Alfie.
Hi, Alfie. I'm Charlie.
I know.
If they pick on you again,
come talk to me. I'll sort them out. Okay?
Okay.
[pensive music playing]
I know I can't, like,
cure the world of homophobia,
but there's probably so many kids
in the younger years
who just think they're completely alone.
If they had somewhere
to talk to people like them,
maybe they wouldn't grow up
hating themselves.
Well, you're more than welcome
to use my classroom.
It doesn't even matter.
Mr. Lange already said no.
I remember the first time
you appeared in my classroom.
You were so quiet,
and, you know, I'm really not supposed
to let people have their lunch in here.
I've been lectured about it
by the deputy head many times,
and every time I got told off,
I thought about you and your lunchbox
and your sad little face,
and I thought, "Well,
he needs this, and I can help."
And now look at you.
-[chuckles softly]
-[Mr. Ajayi] I'm very proud of you.
As your teacher, I'd say
you should respect Mr. Lange's decision.
But,
as a fellow homosexual,
I'd say, historically, us queers
have never asked for permission to exist.
-[intriguing music plays]
-[Mr. Ajayi] Do with that what you will.
[Nick] Uh… Hello.
I'm just here for the…
the part-time position.
[man] Oh.
You like animals?
Yeah. Yeah. I, I, I have two dogs, so…
And you wanna spend time with more dogs
because… what?
I thought it might…
help me build character. [chuckles softly]
I don't really do much outside of school.
Um, I'm going to uni this year, so…
-My partner told me to try something new.
-[man] Oh, did she?
Well, aren't you Mr. Self-Improvement.
I guess I have to hire you.
Fill that in for me, please.
[indie music playing]
♪ You left your heart in the jungle… ♪
Just joking.
♪ Ripped off of your red bicycle ♪
♪ I didn't know you then… ♪
[Nick] There you go, buddy.
[chuckling]
♪ I gave up everything I learned ♪
♪ Just to follow you down… ♪
Biscuit.
[Biscuit snorts softly]
♪ There is no map for this ♪
♪ When the wheels come off
I'll be your spare ♪
♪ When the world turns on you
I will be there… ♪
You know, you don't have to pick me up
after every shift.
[chuckling] I like picking you up.
-Plus, I wanna see the email in person.
-All right.
-There you go.
-[Charlie] You did it!
-[Nick] Mm-hmm.
-I'm so proud of you.
[both grunting, groaning happily]
[Charlie] I think if I post about it
on one of the Truham meme pages,
lots of people will see it,
but Mr. Lange definitely won't.
But I need to do it in a way
that won't attract bigoted comments.
Who's even running the meme page
at the moment? Christian and Otis?
-Uh, yeah. Yeah, I think so.
-[Charlie] I'll text them.
Right, I'm heading out.
Wait. I need more. It's our anniversary.
[Nick] Hmm.
Is that really
a two-year-anniversary kiss?
-Mwah, mwah, mwah, mwah!
-[Charlie chuckling]
-How was that, darling?
-Not enough, but it'll do till tonight.
-[Nick] Something to look forward to.
-Meet me in the park at six?
I will be there.
Nick.
I love you.
[gentle music playing]
[door closes]
[cell phone dings, buzzes]
[music fades]
[Charlie sighs]
-[sighs]
-[cell phone buzzes]
[cell phone beeps]
[barking in distance]
[door opens]
[man] How'd you meet her, then?
Who?
Only the girlfriend
you talk about nonstop every shift.
We met in school.
What's she like?
He's, uh…
He's a guy, actually.
Oh. Right.
Hmm. Pardon me.
I… I'm not of the woke generation.
I wouldn't have assumed.
You know, you don't seem gay at all.
I'm bi.
Oh. Well, yeah. Sure.
Mm.
Well, what's he like?
He's…
he's amazing.
Very strong.
[clears throat] Probably too good
for me, actually.
Probably. But you're good
at picking up dog shit, aren't ya?
Great. Thanks, Kenneth.
I'm just saying,
someone's gotta scoop up the dog shit,
or the world descends into chaos.
[chuckles]
[door closes]
[Nick] Charlie.
I'm so sorry.
I wasn't thinking, and, um…
you know, I just… I got in my head
about letting everybody down, and I just--
[Charlie] It's okay.
It's just some snacks and a blanket.
It's not a huge deal.
It is.
It's fine, Nick, it's… Probably too old
for this cringy stuff now, anyway.
No. No, we're not. This is…
No, this is lovely.
My job is shit.
I know. I… I should probably just quit.
No, it's been good for you,
hasn't it? It's…
-I don't want you to…
-Charlie, you're freezing. Come on.
When you're in Leeds, I don't want you
to spend your time worrying about me.
-Don't think about that now.
-I want you to be okay without me.
[Nick sighs]
Have you eaten?
No.
[Nick] Should we go home and eat there?
Yours or mine?
[gentle music playing]
I don't mind.
[Nick exhales sharply]
-You're so cold.
-[chuckles]
[Nick rubbing Charlie's hands]
Let's warm you up.
-[Charlie chuckles softly]
-[chuckles]
[sighs] No one's coming.
Look, just… just give it a minute.
[Charlie sighs]
[knocking on door]
[Tao sighs]
Don't look so disappointed.
-We were in the middle of--
-Lads, chill.
I'm… I'm part of the team.
So, the rumors
about you two dating are true?
Yes. Yes, Tao, they are true.
[hits table] Called it.
[Charlie] You didn't.
We've been telling you for ages.
-If I say I called it, I did.
-[knocking]
That's not how it works.
Hello.
-Hey! Hey. Come in. Come in.
-[soft rock music playing]
[Charlie] Everyone, this is Alfie.
-Hey, Alfie.
-[Tao] Come sit down, Alfie.
-Do you want a cupcake?
-[Alfie] Yes, please.
-[Tao] I chose that one.
-[door opens]
-[Tao] It's that one.
-[Nick] It's a fancy cupcake.
-[Charlie] Hi.
-[Tao] Please, come sit.
-[Nick] Hello.
-[Isaac] Hey, guys.
-Come in.
-Good to see you.
[Charlie] I really want this to be
a safe space for all of you,
but really mostly just to have fun.
We're gonna watch some queer TV shows,
some queer films.
Next week, Mr. Ajayi is gonna be
talking about Keith Haring.
I want us to raise awareness and money
for queer communities around the world.
I know we're one small group of people,
but I believe we can make a difference.
[cheering, whooping]
[Isaac] Bravo!
[boy] Yeah!
This one is Tao's, and that one's Elle's?
Speaking of,
I think they've broken up again.
The vibe is seriously uncomfortable.
[Elle] When did we all
become coffee addicts?
[Charlie] I think they're both
just very strong-willed.
Sometimes that causes clashes.
And they're way past
the honeymoon phase as well, so…
Boys, are we seriously avoiding
talking about the obvious?
Most teen relationships don't last.
Maybe they'll break up for good this time.
So tell me about Hannah.
She said that she really liked me,
but that the distance was too much.
And I was like, "Mm… Okay, well,
you're only in Birmingham." So…
I'm glad I didn't get into Oxford.
Me and Darce don't have this problem.
It's not just the couples. It's all of us.
We're all gonna be in different places.
But Pride, next month,
you're all coming, yes?
-Yes!
-Obviously.
-Good.
-I'll be there.
[Darcy] It'll probably be the last time
we hang out as a group.
And then we'll never speak
to each other again.
-[Imogen] Oh…
-[Darcy] Mm.
Oh, I'm joking. [chuckling] I'm joking.
-Obviously, we're all gonna keep talking.
-[Imogen] That makes me sad.
[Elle] In 30 years,
we're gonna be middle-aged,
causing a scene at a drag brunch
while Isaac's sat in a corner reading.
[chuckling] Hopefully, I will have written
my own book by then.
-[Charlie] Mm.
-[Elle] Mm!
Nick always thinks about the future.
It's like he's there in his mind already,
trying to stop a mistake
that hasn't happened yet.
[Sahar giggling]
But… I don't know what the mistake is.
[group chattering in background]
I never used to think
about the future at all.
It's because you were too busy surviving.
[pensive music plays]
-[all singing] ♪ Happy birthday to you ♪
-[Sarah laughing]
♪ Happy birthday, dear Sarah ♪
Precarious.
♪ Happy birthday to you ♪
-Oh, that looks yummy!
-[chuckling, cheering]
[Charlie] Oh my God, you were so cute.
[Nick] "Were"? I'm not cute anymore?
[Charlie] Yeah, not as cute as this.
I mean, I'd protect him with my life.
[Nick chuckles]
Yeah.
Right, I should, um,
I should go and say hi to some people.
-I'll go to the loo and come find you.
-Okay.
Hey.
Cheese.
[indistinct chattering in background]
-50 is the new 30. All uphill from here.
-[Sarah chuckles]
[woman] It feels like you truly blossomed
after you got rid of that silly man.
Well, I did what I could, as did he.
No, you did everything,
and he's an arsehole.
-Sorry. One sec.
-[Sarah] Uh…
I thought Dad was your hero.
[scoffs]
Heroes and villains.
That's the way your brain works, isn't it?
[uneasy music playing]
[sighs, in French] You need
to be tougher, Nicholas.
Do you understand? Tougher.
[sighs, in English] I thought
you were practicing your French, Nicholas.
[sighs] It's disappointing.
We'd be able to talk more, wouldn't we?
[Stéphane sighs]
-[indistinct background chatter]
-[Sarah laughing]
You okay?
[Nick] Uh, yeah. [clears throat]
[Charlie] You sure?
Mm. I'm fine.
Come on.
Do you think Tao and Elle
will break up for good this time?
It's possible, I guess.
Happens.
Everyone thinks
teenage relationships don't last.
I guess they usually don't.
Well, I guess I'm an optimist, then.
♪ So I'm gonna keep you in love with me ♪
♪ For a while ♪
♪ I'm gonna keep you in love with me ♪
[dance music pumping in distance]
-You all right, mate?
-Hey.
[indistinct chattering]
[girl] Yeah, I mean, I'm really excited.
[cheering]
Welcome to my humble abode, boys. [laughs]
Oi, go get hammered
before the exams start, yeah?
You see those two?
They are proper romantic, man.
-Charlie!
-[Charlie] Hey.
-[boys] Charlie!
Yeah, yeah, I'm good.
-[boy 2] Yeah.
-[girl 2] I mean…
[Tara] I just got really tired.
-Oh, hey, Nick. Come and join us.
-Hey.
-[groans]
-[Elle] How've you been?
-Yeah, not too bad.
-Here, have some.
Yeah, that's it.
That's it! Harder, harder!
-Go, go, go, go, go!
-[all cheering]
…about, um,
about going traveling next year.
Like, it would be good.
It would be expensive,
but I think it could work, maybe.
What… what are you doing,
or are you gonna think about it?
-Sorry, I wasn't listening.
-[Darcy chuckles]
-Nick, next year, uni.
-[chuckles]
I know I should be really happy for him,
but… I just feel really sad.
There, there. You're Nick
and Charlie. You're gonna be okay.
[Tara] We basically grow up
being brainwashed into thinking
there's only one possible future.
Going to uni,
finding a career, settling down.
No-one teaches you
that there are so many other options,
especially if you're queer.
That's why I asked Darcy
to go Interrailing with me next year.
Just focus on being human
and feeling alive.
I want that feeling.
It's just, me and Tao…
People in good relationships don't keep
breaking up and getting back together.
Well, you clearly don't wanna break up.
I can't revolve my life
around someone else.
It would only make us
resent each other eventually,
and then it would kill
the love that's there.
[Tara] True.
-[electronic music playing]
-[boys chanting playfully]
-[Sahar] Lights are getting on my nerves.
-I'm gonna find Nick.
-[Sahar] Want us to come?
-No, it's all right.
[Tao] I haven't seen Nick in a while.
-[boy laughing]
-[boys chanting playfully]
[electronic music continues]
-[boy retching]
-[boys] Urgh! [laughing]
-[Elle] Yeah.
-[Isaac] Shall we go outside for a bit?
-[Charlie] I think he might be upstairs.
-Okay.
[music thumping in distance]
Hey.
Did you wanna go?
[exhales sharply] Yeah. Yeah, I guess.
O… only if you want to.
-It is a bit boring, isn't it? So…
-[chuckles] Yeah.
Hey. Um…
Are you angry at me about something?
What? N… no.
Why do you think that?
You've avoided me tonight.
I'm sorry, I…
I just wanted you
to have a good night, and…
You know, you, you probably wanna
talk to your friends about uni.
It's only, like, four months away now, so…
Sure. Um…
It's gonna be really hard
when you're not here.
[scoffs] No, you're…
you're gonna be great.
-You don't need me hanging around.
-It's still gonna be really hard.
What if everything just blows up,
like Tao and Elle?
[hesitates] I mean,
I guess that's possible.
I know you've been struggling this year.
You've been really anxious
about a lot of things, about yourself.
Yeah, sorry, I know
that's probably annoying for you.
It's not annoying. It's just… upsetting.
'Cause… [sighs] …I try and talk to you
about it, and you just shut down.
And I thought we were good at that.
And I think that the reason you do that
is… is because of me.
Maybe it is a good idea
for us to have some space, you know?
You're going off to uni,
and you'll be living your best life,
and then maybe if you don't
have to worry about me so much, then…
then you'll be happier.
I want you to be happy.
So we should break up, then?
[Nick sighs]
For some space? That's…
[sighs] That's basically
what you're saying, isn't it?
-If… if that's what you want.
-No, I'm asking if that's what you want.
-I want you to be happy.
-I'm only happy when I'm with you.
I don't think that's how it should be.
-[sniffles] I get it.
-What?
-No, it's fine.
-I don't want to break up.
I think you'd be better off
without me too.
I didn't say that, Nick. I…
-[Nick] I'm sorry.
-I… I'm just trying to help.
-[Nick] It's okay.
-I love you.
[Nick] It's okay.
You don't have to worry about me.
I'm sorry for making you cry.
[door opens]
[Charlie sighs]
[sighs]
[electronic music playing in distance]
[car door unlocks]
[breathing heavily]
[sighs]
-[uneasy music playing]
-[Nick breathing shakily]
[music turns darker]
[pensive music playing]
[sighs]
[both chuckling]
[sighs, sniffles]
[exhales shakily]
[music fades]
[uneasy music playing]
I know this is difficult,
but, Charlie, you've got to eat.
Please.
[Julio] Come on, hmm?
Just a little bite.
Charlie, we're gonna do
a refocusing exercise.
I want you to tell me five things
that you see in front of you.
[flatly] Door.
Desk.
Laptop.
Mug.
Photo.
[tapping keyboard]
[sighs]
[sighs heavily]
[rhythmic knocking on door]
[rapid knocking]
[persistent, loud knocking]
Go away!
[Tao] Charlie!
-[sighs]
-[Tao] We're coming in, okay?
What?
You can't just lie there
and expect everything to be okay.
[Isaac] Let's just take a minute, okay,
before you say something crazy.
[exhales deeply]
We're here to look after you.
Getting you out of the house,
or just hanging out here
and bringing you food and comfort movies.
Tori said you hadn't been eating.
Which is understandable.
We don't blame you.
But it's not great,
so we're gonna make you some pasta.
Aren't you two broken up right now?
We've organized a temporary truce,
and anyway, three, two…
-Go!
-Tao!
-Come on. Get up.
-[Charlie] Tao!
-[Tao] Get some pasta with some chili oil.
-Okay, I'm up, I'm up.
-[Tao] Cheese. Basil.
-I hate all of you.
[Elle] We love you too.
[sweeping music playing]
[Colette playing on TV]
But some bit of luck,
some commonplace little miracle,
which, like a glittering link,
will mend again the necklace of my days.
-[music ends with flourish]
-[snoring]
We'll see you on Saturday?
I don't know.
That wasn't a question.
It might do you good
to get out of the house.
But it's Pride, isn't it?
It's… it's a whole thing.
And I don't really feel like celebrating
the magical wonders of gay love right now.
And he might be there.
Charlie, I know you're hurting,
but I need you to come
and march with me on Saturday
because I'm fucking scared.
The world hates me right now.
The government is taking away my rights
and everything we fought for.
If I was a few years younger,
I wouldn't even have been able
to take hormone blockers legally
'cause they banned them.
People don't want me
using public bathrooms
or existing at all.
I just wanna be myself.
To be free.
[pensive music playing]
To be happy.
[breathes shakily]
I know you know all of this,
and it's okay if you come
and cry about Nick all day.
But…
I'm terrified all the time,
and I just really need my best friends
with me to march at Pride, okay?
[Elle] Mm.
[upbeat music playing]
[group chanting, cheering]
[woman] Woo-hoo!
Yeah!
[whooping, cheering, whistling]
Oh my God!
Whoo!
-Oh, it's James! Hello!
-[James] Hi, everyone.
-[Imogen] Oh, James!
-Happy Pride!
Happy Pride. Hi, are you okay?
-[Tao] Hey.
-[Isaac] Hi. Oh, you look amazing.
-[James] Nice to see you. See you later.
-[Isaac] Bye.
[Imogen laughs]
♪ You make me feel… ♪
-[Elle] What do we want?
-[crowd] Trans rights!
-[Elle] When do we want it?
-[crowd] Now!
-[Elle] What do we want?
-[crowd] Trans rights!
-[Elle] When do we want it?
-[crowd] Now!
-What do we want?
-Trans rights!
-When do we want it?
-Now!
-What do we want?
-Trans rights!
-When do we want it?
-Now!
-What do we want?
-Trans rights!
-And when do we want it?
-Now!
-What do we want?
-Trans rights!
-When do we want it?
-Now!
-What do we want?
-Trans rights!
-When do we want it?
-Now!
-What do we want?
-Trans rights!
-When do we want it?
-Now!
-What do we want?
-Trans rights!
-And when do we want it?
-Now!
-What do we want?
-Trans rights!
-And when do we want it?
-Now!
-What do we want?
-Trans rights!
-When do we want it?
-Now!
-What do we want?
-Trans rights!
-When do we want it?
-Now!
-What do we want?
-Trans rights!
-When do we want it?
-Now!
[Elle] So this is it.
Fernando's.
Oh, I thought you said
we were going to Nando's.
No, Fernando's, the gay club.
Are straight people allowed in?
I feel like I'm not gonna be allowed in.
Okay, Mr. Ally.
[electropop music playing]
I'm sorry, I just can't understand it.
You're Nick and Charlie.
What does that even mean?
Like, if all of us had to provide evidence
for two soulmates, we'd all pick you two.
-There's no such thing as soulmates.
-Maybe.
But the two of you present
a pretty convincing argument.
I'm going for a walk.
♪ But you should've seen it ♪
♪ The way it went down ♪
♪ Wouldn't believe it ♪
♪ Wanna know what I told her… ♪
-Hey.
-Sorry, no.
♪ You were so mediocre ♪
-♪ And we're so glad it's over now ♪
-[indistinct chattering]
-♪ It's over now… ♪
-[Nick] Thank you.
-[girl laughs]
♪ It's over now ♪
♪ Camera ♪
♪ Caught on camera ♪
♪ The girls on camera ♪
[sighs]
♪ Your girl's a fan of ♪
-[sobbing]
-[music fades]
[sobbing continues]
Drum kit.
[sobs]
Poster.
Books.
Lamp.
Photo.
-[sobbing]
-[uneasy music playing]
[music fades]
[breathing shakily]
[sobbing]
[keys jangling]
[engine starts]
-[Sarah] You're early.
-[Nick] Mm-hmm.
[Sarah] Is everything okay?
Nick?
[Nick sniffles]
[indie folk music playing]
♪ Always ♪
[scratching on door]
♪ Didn't mean always ♪
-[scratching at door]
-[Nellie whining]
-♪ When I said always ♪
-[Nellie barking]
[Nellie whining]
♪ And I made ♪
♪ Too many mistakes ♪
[Nick sighs]
♪ Cut me down to size ♪
♪ Don't know what part remains ♪
[sighs]
♪ Pull me out of time ♪
♪ Just let me fade away ♪
-[Harry] Come on.
-[cheering]
[boys laughing, chattering indistinctly]
♪ And I've been ♪
♪ Angry for ages ♪
[Harry] Get in there, boys. Come on!
-♪ Still don't want to face it ♪
-[Nick sighs]
[inhales shakily]
[music fades]
[knocking on door]
[door opens]
[video game music playing]
[David] Still sulking?
[door closes]
[David sighs]
I mean, it's… it's rough though.
Genuinely, I feel for you.
You wanna talk, or…?
[Nick sighs]
[snickers] Okay…
Oh, I'm going to Paris.
Dad offered me a job.
So I'll be gone.
I'm sure that'll cheer you up.
[game pauses]
[chuckles] I know you think
I worship him, but I… I really…
I don't.
He's a shit dad.
Always has been, but…
I'm not like him, Nick.
You know, he hurt me too.
I know.
[cell phone chimes]
[gentle music plays]
[Nick sighs]
[cell phone buzzes]
[tapping keyboard]
[sighs]
[music fades]
-Ooh, there's mine. What you having?
-Do you think they have organic wine?
Organic wine?
Wine is wine. You need to just drink.
No, no, no, no. None of that now.
Organic wine, it's imp--
-[Sahar[ Nick! How you doing?
-Hello. Yeah, I'm all right.
-First time in a gay club?
-Uh, yeah. Yeah, I guess.
-[giggles] You'll get used to it.
-Mine too.
I… never got to tell you I'm a lesbian.
Guess we drifted apart a bit.
We have, yeah.
I'm sorry.
Do you remember
when we would sit outside the school gates
and pretend we were cool?
[Nick chuckles]
-Unfortunately, I do, yeah.
-[chuckles]
I just wanted everyone to like me.
That was all I cared about.
-Thank God we got out of there, you know?
-[Nick] Mm.
[Sahar] Cheers.
[cubicle door unlocking]
[zipper closing]
[faucet running]
[door opening]
Hi.
-[Nick] Hey.
-Wait.
Did you get my messages?
We've all been really worried about you.
-[man] Sorry, guys.
-[Tao] Sorry.
Charlie's not… Well, he's…
Is he okay?
Yeah, he's…
Can you just come and talk to him?
-What, he's here?
-Of course he's here.
This is insane. You get…
you get this is insane, don't you?
[sighs] Breakups are normal.
-Teenage romance--
-Are you being serious?
Have you seen yourselves?
You've guided each other through all
this emotional growth and pain together.
You can communicate just by looking
at each other. Trust me, I can see it.
I'm sorry. I can't.
Nick.
[electropop music playing]
Nicholas. Where have you been?
This is my friend Megan.
-[Megan] Hey.
-Hey.
Imogen was just telling me
about your breakup.
And, like, I'm so sorry.
That is, like, so sad.
It's all right. Thank you though.
Sorry, I, I know
it's, like, none of my business, um,
but if you wanted a quick rebound,
I have several mates
I could hook you up with.
Boys or… girls?
Uh…
-No pressure though. No pressure.
-Yeah, um…
I think I'm all right, actually.
Thank you though.
-[Megan] Okay. Bye.
-Nice to meet you.
♪ It's over now ♪
♪ Camera ♪
♪ Caught on camera ♪
♪ The girls on camera ♪
♪ Your girl's a fan of ♪
[music fades]
-Afternoon, lovey.
-Afternoon.
-Hello.
-Hi.
-Two black coffees, please.
-Of course.
[man 1 groans]
-You all right, Pooh?
-Yeah.
[man 2] Good to get out again, isn't it?
Stretch the legs.
[man 1] Oh yes. No, I couldn't give a--
Oh, stop it.
-[Charlie] Here you go.
-Thank you.
And there was a spare slice of cake,
so this one's on the house.
That's very sweet, but Pete's a diabetic.
We don't have cake at home.
Oh, sorry.
You eat it, Pooh. We're not both diabetic.
That's very kind of you, lovey, but…
Thank you.
-[Pete] Thank you.
-Now, let's do the crossword.
Oh yes, the crossword.
-If we must. [giggles]
-Oh! [chuckles]
-[Pete] Anything to shut me up.
-[both chuckle]
[Pete] Oh dear. I think I've got…
-[man 2] Oh. You like the crossword.
-[Pete] Well, yes.
-[man 2] You ninny.
-[Pete] There's a time and a place.
-[man 2] It's surprising…
-[both chattering indistinctly]
-[man 2] Now.
-[Pete groans]
[man 2] Anna is going to come
and stay with you
until they've finished with me
in the hospital.
It'll all be okay, Pooh.
I know you're worried about me.
It's the sort of thing
you do worry about, isn't it?
Yes, it is.
We look after each other, don't we?
I suppose so. [chuckles]
Two days with Anna. I mean…
[man 2] You usually complain…
[tapping keyboard]
[frustrated sigh]
[music fades]
[sighs]
♪ Don't go far
Don't go put your feet in… ♪
Hi, picking up for Charlie Spring.
-Do you want a bag?
-Yes, please.
Thank you.
Okay.
[Nick sighs]
I know it's scary when the other dogs
are here, but it's just you and me.
♪ Making up, lovers on their own tonight ♪
♪ Need to see how it's done
So I can change inside ♪
♪ I belong with everyone
Everyone I've ever known ♪
Everyone I've ever known is here ♪
♪ With me ♪
♪ Everything that comes together… ♪
-[barks]
-Sit. Sit.
And run!
Oh, good boy.
♪ In every single living thing… ♪
Ready? Ready?
Run! Oh, I was just joking.
I was just joking.
Good boy. Good boy!
♪ In every single living thing… ♪
Hey.
-All right.
-Thank you.
You guys are good to go.
-Thank you so much.
-No worries.
-Call if there's any problems.
-Sure.
See you, Biscuit.
♪ Maybe if you've got someone
You should let them know ♪
[Biscuit whimpers]
-[chuckles softly]
-[music fades]
-[door closes]
-[Nick] Hello.
[Sarah] Someone's cheerful.
Yeah, you know that dog
that was struggling?
He just got adopted today, so…
[Sarah] Oh, I knew you'd be good
at this job. You're like a dog whisperer.
-Good to see you smiling again.
-Yeah.
Your brother's moving out.
Yeah, he told me that.
I think it's a mistake.
So do I, but you know what he's like.
He can't be told things.
[Nick sighs heavily]
God, Dad really fucked us up, didn't he?
Years after he left, I…
I was still just moving through life
with a fake smile on my face.
I couldn't even make real friends until…
It's still in my brain.
And now he's ruined the one
beautiful thing that I had in my life,
because I thought
if I even stepped a toe out of line,
if I was ever too sad or…
or angry
or difficult, then he would just leave.
[sighs]
God, it's all wrong.
I didn't wanna break up.
[pensive music playing]
[Sarah] Well, that's a relief.
Do you know, sweetheart,
some people go a whole lifetime
without knowing themselves even a fraction
of what you've just expressed.
Look at me, I ended up marrying a man
who abandoned ship
as soon as our kids
weren't babies anymore.
-I see my part in the mistakes…
-No--
No, it's fine.
I don't blame myself anymore.
What I'm saying is,
I wish I'd known myself better.
I wish I'd understood him better,
understood our relationship better.
-Before it caused so much pain.
-[sniffles]
[Sarah] With or without Charlie,
you will be fine.
You will find yourself again.
But I just don't want you to give up on it
before it's over.
Charlie loves you.
The real you.
It's too late.
No, it's not.
[sighs] Love isn't destiny or fate
or some kind of cosmic force.
Love is a choice.
It's a choice every day,
and you can…
you can lean towards it or away from it,
and you have always leant towards it.
That is just
who you are.
I think that's who Charlie is as well.
I did warn you it'd be boring.
He just goes round and round.
-He's happy you're here though.
-I know he is.
You're very cute.
For a straight couple.
What are you talking about?
Since when are we straight?
[chuckles]
I'm surprised
you didn't notice with Michael.
He's always going on about Pedro Pascal
or whatever.
But what about you?
-You know I'm asexual, don't you?
-No.
-Oh. Could've sworn I told you that.
-[chuckles incredulously]
I mean,
that actually makes a lot of sense.
Every time I talk about men,
you make this really grossed-out face.
But… [hesitates]
This is gonna sound really horrible, but
why are you together?
You're, like, basically opposites.
We're together because we're together.
Because we're Tori and Michael,
and… we're happy together.
That's all there is.
Whether it's romance
or friendship or whatever,
that's everyone else's problem.
Maybe our together isn't the same
as your together
or the normal sort of together,
but it's ours, and we're happy with it.
And maybe that will change in the future.
Maybe it won't.
But, for now,
we're here,
and this is what it is.
-We're here, and we're alive and whatever.
-[chuckles]
[coach] Okay, great. Well done.
[gentle music playing]
-[posh voice] Hello.
-[funny voice] Hello.
[chuckles, normal voice] How was it?
-[Michael] It was good, yeah.
-[both chuckling]
[music fades]
[exhales sharply]
[sentimental music playing]
[chuckles]
[exhales sharply]
[music building]
[sighs]
-[gentle music playing]
-[sighs]
Shit!
[indie pop ballad instrumental playing]
-[music fades]
-I got the photos.
Well, obviously. Here I am.
Genuinely the most embarrassing thing
I've ever done.
I'm the one
who took a billion photos of you.
[chuckles softly] I guess we're both
pretty embarrassing, then.
[Nick chuckles softly]
-I really missed you.
-[sniffles]
I missed you too.
Everyone thinks
teenage relationships don't last.
I never really thought that about us.
Me neither.
Ever since we met, I… can feel it.
We're different.
[Nick chuckles softly]
But we stopped talking to each other.
[sighs]
I couldn't help you like you helped me.
[Nick inhales deeply]
You did.
You're just so good
at saying how you feel. I…
I barely know what I feel half the time.
I never…
I never knew what to do
when I felt sad.
I just know I love you.
Is that okay?
[Charlie exhales sharply]
We look after each other,
don't we?
Always. [chuckles softly]
[indie music playing]
[sparks crackling]
[inaudible]
♪ There I saw you standing
Must've been a holy light ♪
♪ 'Cause I can't see and I can't feel ♪
♪ But the color in your eyes is saying ♪
♪ If my dreams come up empty ♪
♪ And I wash up on the shore ♪
♪ You would find me at the beach
In every life, through every door ♪
♪ With a boom box at your father's
Walking with you at the morgue ♪
♪ You don't have to search when I know
Everything you're looking for ♪
♪ Oh, and we could talk about it ♪
♪ Or just stare at the wall ♪
♪ But I think that you know better than
What they think they call ♪
♪ A luminary, no one ♪
♪ Is all they'll ever be ♪
♪ And how could you be no one ♪
♪ When you're everything to me? ♪
♪ You're everything to me ♪
-♪ You're everything to me ♪
-[Nick moaning]
[singer vocalizing]
[both breathing heavily]
I love you.
[Nick chuckles]
[music fades]
[Imogen giggling]
-Come on.
-[Sahar] There's a step!
-[Sahar] Watch this step.
-[Imogen] We're gonna be late for prom!
[electronic music playing]
-[Sahar] Guys!
-[both] We're here!
There you are! You need some drinks.
Yes, please.
-[screams playfully]
-[all chattering happily]
-Ha-ha! My evil laugh.
-Oh wow.
-You gonna have a shot?
-[Tara] Darcy!
Oh my God.
-Oh-oh!
-Aww!
[Tara] They're back together!
Yeah! He loves you!
[all] Aww!
-Cheers, cheers, cheers, cheers!
-[all cheering]
[Tara] To forever! Whoo!
[happy squeals, cheers]
♪ 'Cause the good shit in life
Is always free… ♪
You're dancing.
♪ Take a look around
Tell me what you see ♪
♪ 'Cause the good shit… ♪
-Sir, come on.
-[Nick] Come on.
[Sahar] You know you wanna.
-Go on. Do something.
-[Tao] Go on!
-[all cheering]
-[Sahar] Thank you!
Tara and Darcy,
what does the future hold for you?
-We are going Interrailing.
-We're gonna see the world!
-♪ Show me what you want from me… ♪
-[Darcy laughing]
Isaac and Imogen.
I'm gonna write a book
about all of you lot.
Hmm, I think I wanna be,
like, a lawyer or, like, a CEO.
-Cheese.
-[Tao] Oh!
Oh my God.
Oh, so the band didn't work out,
but I'm gonna go solo.
-[Tao] Solo.
-Oh yeah!
-Yeah!
-[both giggling]
[Sahar] Mm-hmm!
The future?
[both] Um…
Marriage?
Tao!
[electronic music continues]
-[giggling]
-[Nick] Hey!
No!
[Tao] Hey.
What does the future hold for you?
I don't know.
Probably nothing and then death.
[whooping, laughter]
Round there.
♪ 'Cause the good shit in life
Is always free ♪
-[all cheering]
-♪ Is free ♪
And finally, Elle.
[indie music playing]
What's your plans for the future?
I'm going to Berlin to be an artist.
[video camera beeps]
One last dance?
Let's make it a good one.
Oh. Thank you.
♪ I might've been sick
Then well, then sick some more ♪
♪ I might be prouder of me… ♪
[Tao sighs emotionally]
♪ Than I ever have been ♪
♪ I've been learning 'bout letting go ♪
♪ How to do it without my claws
Scratching the surfaces ♪
♪ I've been learning 'bout wasting time ♪
♪ And closing some doors ♪
♪ Hoping to open more down the line ♪
♪ I knew from miles away
That I would detonate ♪
♪ I tried some magic tricks
To skip my fate… ♪
[Tara] Guys. Guys, look! Look!
[Mr. Farouk and Mr. Ajayi laughing]
[both] Oh, oh, oh, oh!
[Mr. Ajayi] Oh? [chuckling]
We should do that.
-Thank you.
-[Mr. Farouk] Mm-hmm.
-[Mr. Ajayi] Ooh!
-[all] Aaah! [laughter]
[Tao sighs heavily]
You okay?
No.
It's not as sad as you think though.
It's not like we don't love each other,
and whatever happens,
whether we're together or not,
whether she's near or far,
I know she'll always be in my life.
You know?
Yeah.
[Tao] I mean, all of us.
The exact relationships may change,
and people may fall
in and out of touch, but
the love that connects us
will never break.
We built it.
And it built us.
[Nick inhales deeply]
-[chuckles softly]
-Crisp?
[both chuckle]
Yeah. Yeah, go on.
That's ready salted.
Okay.
-Cheers.
-[clicks tongue]
♪ It's okay, it's okay ♪
♪ Make mistakes, make mistakes ♪
-♪ It's okay, it's okay… ♪
-[Imogen squealing happily]
-Hi.
-[Nick] Hello.
-Wanna race?
-Yeah?
-♪ Make mistakes, make mistakes ♪
-[Charlie] Come on!
♪ It's okay, it's okay ♪
♪ Make mistakes, make mistakes ♪
-♪ Make mistakes… ♪
-[Charlie] No!
-[Nick] Yes!
♪ It's okay, it's okay ♪
-♪ Make mistakes, make mistakes ♪
-[Charlie giggling]
♪ Make mistakes, make mistakes ♪
-[music fades]
-[door closes]
-It's smaller than I remember.
-[Nick] Yeah.
Feels like no one's come in here
since we did.
[Charlie] They should put a plaque
on the wall.
"This is where Nick
and Charlie had their first kiss."
[chuckles softly]
[Nick groans softly]
-I feel old.
-[Nick] Hmm.
We are not old.
Last time we were in here, we were babies.
Yeah, I didn't know anything.
Except I wanted to kiss you so bad
I thought I was gonna die.
-I still feel like that quite a lot.
-Do you?
Yeah. Yeah.
You'd better kiss me so I don't die.
I wouldn't want that to happen.
[Nick sighs]
So I'm gonna go to uni,
and then you're gonna go to uni in a year.
I'll come back every other weekend,
or you can come to Leeds.
It's only a few years.
Really not that long compared to…
The rest of our lives?
Yeah.
[Charlie chuckles softly]
I could never imagine any of that
till I met you.
And now?
Now I can see it.
-[Nick chuckles softly]
-[gentle music playing]
[both chuckle softly]
[Charlie sighs]
[music fades]
[Charlie chuckles]
-Oh, don't… don't delete it.
-I'm not going to.
[chuckles] Can I use it as my wallpaper?
What, and replace the picture
of Henry and Nellie?
-You really love me more than your dogs?
-Mm, yeah, that's going a bit far.
[Charlie scoffs]
Okay, fine. I love you more than my dogs.
I love you more than anyone, actually.
Is that weird?
[Charlie chuckles softly]
I'm only 18.
I'm weird too.
[indie pop music playing]
♪ Walked in straight away
And slammed the door last night… ♪
-[Darcy squealing excitedly]
-[both giggling]
[announcer] The train will be arriving
in 25 minutes.
-♪ With the TV on… ♪
-[both squeal excitedly]
-[Imogen giggles, squeals]
-[Sahar] You made it!
-[Imogen] I'm so excited!
-Aww, thank you for coming!
-I know. I've got to go on.
-Go on. You're gonna be amazing!
[crowd cheering, whooping]
-Who's ready to rock?!
-[crowd cheering, whistling]
-♪ Listen, it's been a long, long year ♪
-[cell phone buzzing]
♪ I think we should go
And get you out of here… ♪
-Hi.
-Are you sitting down?
I'm at the library.
Okay, incoming.
-Oh my God!
-Shh!
♪ Pack up all your shit ♪
-♪ And put it in the back ♪
-Well done.
-♪ Maybe the miles can make up… ♪
-[typing]
[Isaac] Don't look.
I wanna be in the acknowledgements
of your book.
We can talk about it.
♪ Cruising 95
Like we got nothing to lose ♪
♪ I'm praying to the headlights
Like I prayed to you… ♪
[man speaking German]
-[in English] Hi.
-Thank you for coming.
Of course. So good to see you.
I've got to say,
I really love this painting over here.
It just looks so alive.
♪ I'd rather hear the wind
Than hear that song I'm supposed to know ♪
♪ By some fucking bro ♪
Elle.
♪ You tell me that forever
Couldn't come too soon… ♪
-Hi.
-♪ I wanna lose my mind in a hotel room ♪
♪ With you ♪
♪ Anywhere would do ♪
♪ I'm sitting in the bath
Like it's pouring rain ♪
♪ You call me from the hall
Just to say my, say my name ♪
♪ I'll go anywhere with you ♪
♪ Anywhere with you ♪
♪ Anywhere with you-ooh-ooh ♪
-♪ I'll go anywhere with you… ♪
-[indistinct chattering]
Here's the town hall.
-[boy 1] Charlie.
-[boy 2] Hi.
-Hi. Nice to meet you.
-And you.
♪ Tell me that forever
Couldn't come too soon ♪
♪ Gonna lose my mind ♪
-[chattering indistinctly]
-♪ I'm gonna lose it with you ♪
♪ You tell me you want everything
You want it fast ♪
♪ But all I've ever wanted
Is to make something fucking last ♪
♪ I'll go anywhere ♪
♪ I'll go anywhere with you♪
♪ Anywhere with you-ooh-ooh ♪
[music fades]
[whispers] Hi.
Hi.
[Nick sighs happily]
-Oh, I missed this.
-[Charlie] Mm.
Do you wanna go for breakfast, babe?
That pancake place.
-[groans softly] Five more minutes.
-[chuckles]
[Nick murmurs sleepily]
[gentle music playing]
[Charlie chuckles softly]
[chuckles]
[Nick groans]
[Charlie chuckles]
[Nick chuckling]
[both chuckling]
-Room for more.
-[music fades]
[Nick] Mm-hmm.
Breakfast?
This one's my treat.
Mm, well, we can fight about that
when we get there.
No, wait. One more.
Come on, then.
[gentle music playing]
-[Nick] Is that my rugby hoodie?
-Yeah. I'm borrowing it.
[Nick] Great. I'm never getting that back.
♪ I will love you ♪
♪ I will love you with my whole heart ♪
♪ I will love you, baby ♪
-♪ Say you love me, baby ♪
-♪ Say you love me with your whole heart ♪
♪ Say you love me with your whole heart ♪
-♪ Say you love me, baby ♪
-♪ Say you love me ♪
-♪ Say you love me with your whole heart ♪
♪ Say you love me with your whole heart ♪
♪ And you're all I want ♪
♪ I fell in love
I fell in love the moment that I met you ♪
♪ And you're all I need ♪
♪ I give my life, I give my love
Promise I will protect you ♪
♪ And you're all I've got ♪
♪ I will not rest until I know
The best is always with you ♪
♪ And I still believe ♪
♪ And I confess the world's a mess
But I will always love you ♪
-♪ I will save you ♪
♪ I will save you from your sorrow ♪
-♪ I will love you, baby ♪
-♪ Even if there's no tomorrow ♪
♪ Even if there's no tomorrow ♪
♪ And you're all I want ♪
♪ I fell in love
I fell in love the moment that I met you ♪
♪ And you're all I need ♪
♪ I give my life, I give my love
Promise I will protect you ♪
♪ And you're all I've got ♪
♪ I will not rest until I know
The best is always with you ♪
♪ And I still believe ♪
♪ And I confess that I'm a mess
But I will always love you ♪
♪ Say you love me, baby ♪
♪ Say you love me true ♪
♪ I go crazy, I love you ♪
-♪ Say you love me ♪
-♪ Say you love me, baby ♪
-♪ Say you love me true ♪
♪ Say you love me, baby ♪
♪ I go crazy, I love you ♪
♪ And you're all I want ♪
♪ And you're all I need ♪
-♪ And I still believe ♪
-♪ I go crazy ♪
-♪ And you're all I want ♪
-♪ For you ♪
♪ And you're all ♪
♪ I go crazy ♪
-♪ And I still believe ♪
-♪ For you ♪
♪ And I live for you ♪
[music fades out]